Why is it so smelly?
What the hell is this?
Lin Yi, did you bring dog shit to the competition?
Competing with this kind of person is simply losing my grade
Yes, he is insulting the food.
Insult food contest
Are all of you afraid to compete with me?
What can't compare
If you really humiliate yourself
Then we will satisfy you.
I declare
Here we go. Here we go.
This stuff stinks even more when you add it
I'm going to throw up
If this stuff tastes good, I'll eat shit on the spot
Two hours to the end of the game
Come on.
Give them both the finished food.
Eat it oops
Die or die
Spit it out if you want
Don't hold on
Do you need to call you two a doctor?
Hahahaha
How was it?
Can you two give me a word?
Take a look.
They both smelled from heaven to their feet
How does he speak?
Die or die
I knew it!
How can you eat this stuff?
Beat this dog shit beggar to death
Hey let me go
Wait a minute.
Have another bowl.
What did you two say?
Did I hear it wrong?
Let go! It's delicious
I have never eaten anything so delicious in my life